.\" $Id$
.\"
.\"
.\" Copyright 1997 Richard P. Cornwell All Rights Reserved,
.\"
.\" The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express
.\" or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
.\" merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
.\" In no event shall Richard Cornwell be liable for any claim, damages
.\" or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise,
.\" arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other
.\" dealings in the software.
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and its
.\" documentation for non commercial use is hereby granted,
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
.\" supporting documentation.
.\"
.\" The sale, resale, or use of this library for profit without the
.\" express written consent of the author Richard Cornwell is forbidden.
.\" Please see attached License file for information about using this
.\" library in commercial applications, or for commercial software distribution.
.\"
.TH MenuArrow 3Xpw "2 October 97"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
MenuArrow\- Widget Class.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TA 2.0i 2.8i 
.ta 2.0i 2.8i
.LP
Class name:     MenuArrowWidget
.br
Class pointer:  menuarrowWidgetClass
.br
Class hierarchy:        menuarrowWidgetClass \(-> arrowWidgetClass \(-> Core
.P
.nf
.B #include <X11/Xpw/MenuArrow.h>
.LP
.B menuarrowWidget = XtCreateWidget( \(lqmenuarrow\(rq, menuarrowWidgetClass, ...)
.LP
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The \fIMenuArrowWidget\fR is a \fIArrowWidget\fR with a popup menu assiocated
with it.
.SH RESOURCES
.TA 2.0i 3.5i 4.0i
.ta 2.0i 3.5i 4.0i 
.P
.BI menuName	String	NULL
.P
Name of menu to popup on mouse activation.
.P
.BI menuJustify	XtJustify	Right
.P
Controls how the popup menu is positioned relative to it's child.
.P
.BI alignToParent	Boolean	False
.P
When set causes the popup to use the parent instead of the Arrow for
aligment.
.P
\fBResources inherited from Arrow:\fR
.P
arrowType	callback	raised
beNiceToColorMap	delayTime	shadowWidth
botShadowContrast	foreground	topShadowContrast
botShadowPixel	frameType	topShadowPixel
botShadowPixmap	repeatTime	topShadowPixmap
.P
.SH "CALLBACK DATA"
.P
None
.P
.SH "CONVENIENCE ROUTINES"
.P
None
.P
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Arrow(3) and MenuButton(3).
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Cornwell
