.\" $Id$
.\"
.\"
.\" Copyright 1997 Richard P. Cornwell All Rights Reserved,
.\"
.\" The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express
.\" or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
.\" merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
.\" In no event shall Richard Cornwell be liable for any claim, damages
.\" or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise,
.\" arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other
.\" dealings in the software.
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and its
.\" documentation for non commercial use is hereby granted,
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
.\" supporting documentation.
.\"
.\" The sale, resale, or use of this library for profit without the
.\" express written consent of the author Richard Cornwell is forbidden.
.\" Please see attached License file for information about using this
.\" library in commercial applications, or for commercial software distribution.
.\"
.TH MenuButton 3Xpw "2 October 97"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
MenuButton\- Widget Class.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TA 2.0i 
.ta 2.0i
.LP
Class name:	MenuButtonWidget
.br
Class pointer:	menubuttonWidgetClass
.br
Class hierarchy:	menubuttonWidgetClass \(-> commandWidgetClass \(-> Core
.P
.nf
.B #include <X11/Xpw/Command.h>
.LP
.B menubuttonWidget = XtCreateWidget( \(lqmenubutton\(rq, menubuttonWidgetClass, ...)
.LP
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The \fIMenuButtonWidget\fR is a \fICommandWidget\fR with a popup menu assiocated
with it.
.SH RESOURCES
.TA 2.0i 3.5i 4.0i
.ta 2.0i 3.5i 4.0i 
.P
.BI menuName	String	NULL
.P
Name of menu to popup on mouse activation.
.P
.BI menuJustify XtJustify       Right
.P
Controls how the popup menu is positioned relative to it's child.
.P
\fBResources inherited from Command:\fR
.P
beNiceToColorMap	foreground	rightBitmap
bitmap	frameType	rightBitmapMask
bitmapMask	highlightThickness	rightMargin
botShadowContrast	international	shadowWidth
botShadowPixmap	justify	topShadowPixel
botShadowPixel	label	topShadowPixmap
callback	leftBitmap	topShadowContrast
clue	leftBitmapMask	vertSpace
font	leftMargin
fontSet	raised
.P
.SH "CALLBACK DATA"
.P
None
.P
.SH "CONVENIENCE ROUTINES"
.P
.SH "SEE ALSO"
BarButton(3).
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Cornwell
