.\" $Id$
.\"
.\"
.\" Copyright 1997 Richard P. Cornwell All Rights Reserved,
.\"
.\" The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express
.\" or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
.\" merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
.\" In no event shall Richard Cornwell be liable for any claim, damages
.\" or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise,
.\" arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other
.\" dealings in the software.
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and its
.\" documentation for non commercial use is hereby granted,
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
.\" supporting documentation.
.\"
.\" The sale, resale, or use of this library for profit without the
.\" express written consent of the author Richard Cornwell is forbidden.
.\" Please see attached License file for information about using this
.\" library in commercial applications, or for commercial software distribution.
.\"
.TH Paned 3Xpw "2 October 97"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
Paned\- Widget Class.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TA 2.0i 
.ta 2.0i
.LP
Class name:     PanedWidget
.br
Class pointer:	panedWidgetClass
.br
Class hierarchy:	panedWidgetClass \(-> constraintWidgetClass
\(-> compositeWidgetClass \(-> Core
.P
.nf
.B #include <X11/Xpw/Paned.h>
.LP
.B panedWidget = XtCreateWidget( \(lqpaned\(rq, panedWidgetClass, ...)
.LP
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The \fIPanedWidget\fR lays it's children out in rows or columns, like
\fIRowColWidget\fR but will place grips on selected children to allow for
the user to resize them. Constrants determine how widgets are resized.
.SH RESOURCES
.P
.TA 2.0i 3.5i 4.0i
.ta 2.0i 3.5i 4.0i 
.P
.BI orientation	XtOrientation	vertical
.P
Controls direction children are added in.
.P
.BI refigureMode	Boolean	True
.P
If set off widget will not respond to resize requests.
.P
.BI packing	PackingType	fill
.P
Controls how children are packed if they don't fill window. \fBFill\fR expands
all children to largest size. \fBEven\fR spaces children out evenly.
\fBNoFile\fR squeezes children to one side.
.P
.BI spacing	Dimension	2
.P
How many pixels to leave between children.
.P

.SH "CHILD RESOURCES"
.P
.BI allowResize	Boolean	False
.P
If true allow child to make resize requests.
.P
.BI resizeToPreferred	Boolean	True
.P
Resize child to it's prefered size.
.P
.BI skipAdjust	Boolean	False
.P
When readjusting children, don't change childs size.
.P
.BI min	Dimension	1
.P
Do allow child to ever get smaller then this.
.P
.BI max	Dimension	-1
.P
If greater then 0, don't allow child to grow bigger then this size.
.P
.SH "CALLBACK DATA"
.P
None
.P
.SH "CONVENIENCE ROUTINES"
.P
\fBXpwPanedSetRefigureMode\fR Set flag witch controls wether widgets will 
relayout when changes are made.
.P
.nf
void XpwPanedSetRefigureMode(Widget w, Boolean mode);
.fi
.P
\fBXpwPanedGetNumSub\fR Returns the number of children in the paned widget.
.P
.nf
int XpwPanedGetNumSub(Widget w);
.fi
.P
\fBXpwPanedAllowResize\fR Sets or clears resize flag for widget.
.P
.nf
void XpwPanedAllowResize(Widget w, Boolean allow_resize);
.fi
.P
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Paned(3), Stack(3).
.SH AUTHOR
Richard Cornwell
